DOCS-426: review closed issues targeted to FreeNAS 11.3-U3 release and update 11.3-U3 guide (#1774)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

   Alert Settings

Alerts are grouped by |web-ui| feature or service monitor. To customize how

> important to flag an alert, use the :guilabel:`Warning Level` drop-down. To

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerts are grouped by |web-ui| feature or service monitor. To customize alert
importance, , use the :guilabel:`Warning Level` drop-down. To
```

Reviewer: Suggesting wording change we applied to #1775
